I. Omnistar eTools Install version (If software is installed on user’s 
computer) 


1. GENERAL SOFTWARE LICENSE


Each Software package purchased under this Agreement is licensed as a single 
product intended to be run under one domain name and in one directory. If the 
would like to run the software on multiple domains you must purchase a 
separate license for each domain. You may not distribute copies of the 
Software or any accompanying written materials to others, in an altered or 
original state.


You may not copy any written materials accompanying the Software without 
express written authorization from Omnistar Interactive, LLC The Software 
(including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, audio, 
music, text, and anything incorporated into the Software) is owned by 
Omnistar Interactive, LLC or its suppliers and is protected by United States 
copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Therefore, You must treat 
the Software like any other copyrighted material. Proofs of infringement of 
copyright violations include but are not limited to similar code style and 
structures, similar layout and design, similar database design, and 
containing parts of the original Software source code. You may be held 
legally responsible for any infringement that is caused or encouraged by your 
failure to comply with the licensing provisions of this Agreement. Upon 
purchasing the Omnistar software, you are obligated to comply with this 
license agreement and any noncompliance will subject you to legal action.


In consideration of payment of the license fee, which is part of the price of 
the Software, Omnistar Interactive, LLC grants to You the nonexclusive right 
to use the software for company/organizational/personal use. You may use the 
Software and/or code generated by any eTools software component under only 
one domain that is owned, operated and is controlled by your REGISTERED 
LICENSED company, organization or personal identity. You are bound to this 
Agreement during Your entire possession time span of this Software, in its 
original or altered state. Omnistar reserves the rights to suspend, revoke or 
terminate your license to use the software if these terms are violated. See 
section 6 which discusses the License Agreement for termination procedures.


The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this Site; 
Software and any accompanying written materials are the property of Omnistar 
or other third parties. You are not permitted to use the Marks without the 
prior written consent of Omnistar or such third party that may own the Marks.


2. WARRANTY / DISCLAIMER INFORMATION


UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND 
Omnistar Interactive, LLC, ALL INFORMATION AND SOFTWARE ON AND FROM THIS SITE 
ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
Omnistar Interactive, LLC ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS 
IN THE INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE OR OTHER DOCUMENTS AT, REFERENCED BY, OR 
LINKED TO THIS SITE. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK FOR THE RESULTS AND 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. ANY REFERENCES TO CORPORATIONS AND/OR LIMITED 
LIABILITY COMPANIES, THEIR SERVICES AND PRODUCTS, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" 
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL Omnistar Interactive, LLC OR ANYONE ELSE 
INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY 
ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM 
LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF OTHER MATERIALS, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS 
OR OTHER WORK INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSSES, WHETHER OR NOT 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO 
USE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED FROM USING THIS 
SOFTWARE OR FROM THE PERFORMANCE OR LACK OF PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. HAS 
NO LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OBLIGATION TO UPDATE Omnistar Interactive, LLC 
SOFTWARE WHICH COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL 
ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN; Omnistar 
Interactive, LLC MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SOFTWARE AND ANY 
OTHER PRODUCT(S) OR PROGRAM(S) DESCRIBED ON OUR SITE AT ANY TIME. Omnistar 
Interactive, LLC HAS NO OBLIGATION TO NOTIFY YOU OF ANY CHANGES OF THE 
SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS OR PROGRAMS. THESE CHANGES WILL BE 
INCORPORATED IN SOFTWARE AT Omnistar Interactive, LLC' SOLE DISCRETION.


3. REMEDIES.


In no event shall Omnistar Interactive, LLC's total liability to you for any 
and all damages, losses, and causes of action arising from or connected in 
anyway with this Agreement (including without limitation liability in 
contract, tort or under any other legal theory) ever exceed the INITIAL 
amount paid by You for the Software. INITIAL amount is defined as the first 
payment to purchase the software and DOES NOT include other fees incurred 
there after. This shall constitute Your sole and exclusive remedy.


4. RENEWAL (If did not purchase buy-out version)


License Renewal (Only applies to Omnistar Live Support Software)


Upon 1 year AFTER the initial Omnistar Live software purchase date, an annual 
Software License renewal fee (posted on the website and subject to change 
without notice) will be issued for your continued usage of the Software for 
the following year. Your license will need to be renewed on a regular yearly 
basis for continued Software usage. Failure to renew will result in 
termination of this License and you will be subject to the Termination 
guidelines set forth in this Agreement. Failure to comply will result in 
legal actions.  You should understand that the software will no longer work 
after 1 year if you brought the annual license.


5. LAW


This License Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the 
laws of the State of Maryland without regard to conflicts of laws provisions 
thereof. The exclusive forum for any disputes arising out of or relating to 
this License Agreement shall be an appropriate federal or state court sitting 
in Baltimore Maryland in proximity to Baltimore, Maryland, USA. This License 
Agreement shall constitute the entire Agreement between the parties hereto. 
Omnistar Interactive, LLC has the right to modify this agreement with each 
new release of the Software. You have the right to waive the modifications 
and opt to abide by the previous Agreement and choose not to accept the new 
Software release and the modified License Agreement where ever indicated. If 
a court of competent jurisdiction finds any part of this License Agreement 
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this License Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect and shall be interpreted so as to reasonably 
affect the intention of the parties. Then the invalid or unenforceable 
provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that 
most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder 
of these Terms of Service and the Additional Terms shall continue in effect.


6. TERMINATION.


This Agreement is effective IMMEDIATELY upon Your Software download and 
Software transfer from Omnistar Interactive, LLC's servers to your computer. 
Unless terminated sooner by Omnistar Interactive, LLC, any license granted by 
this Agreement terminates in accordance with the method and timeframes 
specified . Without prejudice to any other rights, Omnistar Interactive, LLC 
may suspend, revoke, or terminate this Agreement if You fail to comply with 
any of its provisions. In such event, You must immediately delete all copies 
and instances of Omnistar Interactive, LLC's Software(s) from your possession 
within 24 hours of Omnistar Interactive, LLC's License Agreement termination 
notice. IF YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH OUR TERMINATION PROCEDURE, LEGAL ACTIONS 
WILL BE TAKEN.


For all Omnistar Etools install products NO REFUNDS WILL BE GIVEN AFTER 30 
days of purchase of the product.


7. RESELLING OMNISTAR ETOOLS 
A specific contract and terms for reselling Omnistar Etools can be obtained 
by contacting Omnistar Interactive Customer Support.  You cannot resell 
Omnistar Etools unless you have received a separate reseller agreement.


8. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Links may be included within the Omnistar eTools Network. You acknowledge 
that the linked sites are not under the control of Omnistar eTools and that 
Omnistar eTools is not responsible for the contents or operation of such 
linked sites or any link contained in such linked site, any changes or 
updates to such sites, or Web casting or any other form of transmission 
received from any linked site. Omnistar eTools is providing these links to 
You only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply 
endorsement by Omnistar eTools of the linked site or any association with 
their operators.


9. INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Omnistar Interactive, LLC and its 
eTools Network and its suppliers harmless from and against any and all 
claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to 
attorneys' fees) arising from Your violation of these Terms of Service 
(including, without limitation, violation of applicable Additional Terms), or 
any third-party's rights, (including, without limitation, infringement of any 
copyright, violation of any proprietary right and invasion of any privacy 
rights). These obligations will survive any termination of Your relationship 
with Omnistar Interactive, LLC and its eTools Network or Your use of Omnistar 
eTools and the Omnistar eTools Network.


10. SERVICE CONTACT
If You need to contact Omnistar eTools regarding the Omnistar eTools Network, 
please visit our contact listings page at http://www.omnistaretools.com


